[♪♪♪]
Kay?
[ gun clocks ]
[everyone]
Surprise!
[ laughs ]
We got you.
I could have hurt somebody.
Come on, we know you
better than that.
Actually, we're all
wearing Kevlar, so.
And don't get mad at me,
because they wanted to get you
a naked cowboy stripper.
Ok, is everyone ready
to sing Happy Birthday?
Yes.
[ gunshot ]
The date of my birthday
is classified.
Who found out?
As you well know,
part of my job description
is to read office mail.
And you, my friend,
received a birthday card.
Dear Tasha,
I know it's been awhile,
but when spring is in the air
I think of your birthday.
How romantic.
I wanted to let you know
that perfect day
has finally arrived.
Dr. Ted McClellan DDS?
Your dentist knows you
better than we do.
Ted McClellan was
never my dentist.
He was my second husband.
Was that before or after
she married the actor?
Both.
She got hitched down the aisle
twice.
So where were we?
[ whistle ]
Thank you so much
for helping me, Dr. McClellan.
My hygienist practicals
are next week.
You're going to ace them.
Just remember to jump
when you hear the word suction.
And the X-ray machine.
Try not to fry your patients'
brains.
OK, what you want to do is
dial that gauge down.
Okay.
Excuse me, I'm sorry
we're closed for lunch.
Yeah?
Listen, why don't you give me
a minute alone here, baby doll?
[♪♪♪]
You can go to lunch now, Laura.
Yeah.
Oh, get me a tuna sandwich,
would you?
See if they have any of that
7 grain bread.
So good.
OK, look.
I know why you guys are here,
so I'll tell you the truth.
There are no narcotics
in this office.
Three years ago, you played
good Samaritan dentist
at the county jail.
Where are those records?
It was just some pro bono work.
Tut-tut-tut-tut.
Where's the records?
They're in the records office
down the hall.
Alright.
Here, throw this in there too.
More fun for everyone.
[ laughs ]
[ explosion ]
[ grunts ]
Tasha!
[ gunshot ]
[ grunts ]
Get out of there.
[ explosion ]
Ugh.
[gunshots]
Let's go.
No!
Lead X-ray vest.
Always the conscientious doctor.
You get my birthday card?
I wasn't sure you would
figure it out.
How long have these guys
been after you?
I thought someone was
following me, but I wasn't sure.
That's why I couldn't
come right out
and ask for help.
What the--
When you left, you joked that
the day my life was
in real danger-
Would be the perfect date?
Yeah, I remember.
You thought nothing exciting
was ever going to happen to me.
I guess I was wrong.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
[Narrator]
The beautiful and lethal
Vallery Irons.
Plucked from obscurity
to lead an elite Los Angeles
bodyguard agency.
They know how to
get things done.
Eventually.
[♪♪♪]
She got off a lucky shot.
But I still managed
to plug the dentist.
Who was she?
Don't know yet.
And my dental records?
Crispy.
The guy taking my place
in that oblivion hell hole
is going to sit there
a long time.
Yeah, but the oblivions
are still expecting X-rays.
Intercept their courier
and bring them here.
Ok.
And while you're at,
find this mystery woman.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
[Tasha]
We'll keep you hidden here
until things blow over.
Two days ago, my biggest worry
was gingivitis.
This must give you flashbacks
from the time you were married
to La Femme Natasha.
No, actually until the end,
our life was more like
Martha Stewart Living .
Ancient history.
Yeah on Monday nights, Tasha
would cook her world famous
veggie lasagna.
On Tuesdays, we'd play
Scrabble.
He's kidding, right?
Are we talking about
the same Tasha here?
Someone who's broken more teeth
than you've fixed?
Alright.
Tab for this case is on me.
All information about my past
is on a need to know basis.
Somebody will be with you
24/7, but you will also
have this.
It's a 2-way pager/GPS beacon.
A panic button.
Looks like my garage door
clicker.
Hit that, and it's like
ordering the marines
for room service.
Kay's going over what's left
of the dental records.
See what we can find out.
Can I at least call
my receptionist, let her know
that I'm OK?
Sure.
If you want the whole world
to know.
Sorry, Sport.
That's a big N-O.
Well, you still know
what's best.
That part hasn't changed.
Boredom much?
When I met Ted,
I was going through things.
You wouldn't understand.
Have fun.
[ phone rings ]
[Answering machine]
Hi, this is Laura Ann.
Leave a message.
Hey, Laura Ann.
Hi, it's Dr. McClellan.
I'm alive.
With VIP, they're a little nuts
about me contacting you,
but I didn't want you
to worry.
I'm OK.
Alright, bye.
I just spoke to Ted
on the phone, and everything
is fine.
He found the mini bar key.
But we did have a really long
talk.
If you're trying to pry
into my past with Ted,
I'm going to have to snap
your little legs like twigs.
I'm not trying to pry
into your personal life.
Don't be silly.
Even though he did mention
you were in the Lovers League
Bowlers Championship.
OK, now that's cool.
What was your average?
Never mind.
OK.
Let's just say for the record,
it was a mistake marrying Ted.
And we'll leave it at that.
I bet you didn't bowl
with the Al.
Unless of course it was
tonsil bowling.
Cause he's a, you know.
Don't blame you.
Al's hot.
Sometimes.
How do you fancy this one?
Hmm...another new face.
Not bad for an ex-KGB
operative.
Well, my plastic surgeon
is retainer.
Tasha, Tasha.
I found this in the remains
from Ted's file room.
I think I know why someone's
trying to kill Ted.
This is a request from the
Bolivian government
for the dental records
of Simon Pike.
Pike.
That's the American front man
for the Bolivian drug cartel.
Uh-huh.
Seems your ex filled Mr. Pike's
tooth 3 years ago when he was
in the L.A. Country lock up.
A year later, our Mr. Pike
escaped from a prison transport
and jetted down to
his amigos down in Bolivia.
Where he was captured a month
later by the Bolivians
and sent to the big house
in La Paz.
Now that's crazy.
Why would they request the
dental records of a man
who's right in front of them?
Maybe they're not sure
they have the right guy.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
[TV voice]
No photographers,
no adoring public.
You want to sit up here?
I'm fine.
You can have the bed
to yourself, if you want,
I'll take the chair.
Please, don't worry about me.
[TV voice]
Just a second, Sean.
It isn't a party,
it's an anniversary dinner.
at her house.
Imagine, eating in a house.
It's her 50th birthday.
Hey,
you know
what I really miss?
Thursday video nights
where we'd fall asleep
under that big after.
Let's just pretend
I'm not here.
That way, we won't have
to bring up the good old days.
You came to my office.
You were in trouble.
I saw your face when
you thought I was dead.
You still care.
I was in bodyguard mode.
That's all there was to it.
I guess you've found
what makes you happy.
Happiness is overrated.
Let's just try to
get through the night.
Then Nikki can listen to
your A&E biography.
[ TV runs in the background ]
A friend of mine suffered
through hours of
plastic surgery so that he
could take my place
in one of your prisons.
You were sent to retrieve
records proving that
he's not me.
These are my friend's
dental records with
my name attached.
I need these to go back
to your government.
[ gun clocks ]
I hope you understand.
Si, bueno .
Bang!
[ screams ]
You've got big shoes to fill.
Don't disappoint me.
Did you find the
mystery woman?
Yeah, but it's not good news.
We had a phone tap on
everyone in McClellan's office.
Listen to this.
[Speaker]
Hi, Laura Ann.
It's Dr. McClellan.
I'm alive.
I'm with VIP.
VIP.
They're bodyguards.
Put out the word.
Find out where these VIPs
have a dentist stashed.
Right.
[ dialtone ]
It's me.
My guys can't handle it.
I need a button man
with half a brain.
The best you can find.
Who?
Find out more about him.
If he's the right guy
for the job, money's no object.
Here,
give Tasha this.
For Frisbee.
Guys, where's the fire?
I want to find her
the perfect gift.
Like I said, you're not
a prisoner, but there's
no need to prolong the risk.
Yeah, I heard you're paying
snitch money for the 4-1-1
on VIP.
Yeah, that's them.
Looking at a blue truck,
with the name plastered
all over it.
South end of Venice Boardwalk.
She's really going to
love this.
Stop him!
Shoot the tires!
[ grunts ]
I can't believe a couple of
mouth breathers caught
the great Johnny Low.
You know who's not going to
breathe much longer?
That dimwit dentist.
None of your VIP buddies
are getting in the way.
See, I got an offer out
to the best contract hitter
that ever squeezed
the trigger.
Now.
Now you tell me where
McClellan's stashed,
and save yourself
a lot of pain.
I thought Johnny Low
doesn't use guns.
I'd like to know who
I'm getting into business with.
Besides, this is much more fun
than fixing your resume.
Don't you think?
The Al Owl at your service.
You're hired.
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo.
Who wants these macaronis
babies?
Because I'm getting hitched.
[ laughs ]
I hope my husband doesn't
expect me to change my name.
Maybe your marriage will go
better than mine.
It has to.
She's not going to get stuck
with some gun-toting
sadomasochistic.
I was talking about these
game pieces right there.
Yeah, you know, like
the thimble, the little doggy,
the baby shoe, the gun-toting
sadomasochistic.
Not Tasha.
I know what Tasha turned into.
In the end, she was like
a jungle cat.
I had to let her go.
Oh, kind of like that movie
Born Free .
That was our favorite movie.
You're kidding, right?
No.
That was the problem.
I didn't set her free earlier.
I should have tried to see it
from her point of view.
Maybe it's not too late.
Ted, that ship has sailed.
Val, is that true?
You know Tasha.
Well, we're really not friends
in that sense.
Or any other sense.
How about you?
Oh no, she scares me.
Oh, that's too bad.
I guess you never knew her
like I did.
Wait a second.
If you could sweep her off
her feet, do you think
you could really turn Tasha
back into the lasagna
making bowler?
It's possible.
Val.
Nikki, we have a responsibility
to our client Ted, here.
Think, think, think.
Max, you're a think tank.
Come up with some ideas.
Oh, uh, try writing her a poem.
Or better yet, you could
serenade her like Tom Cruise
did to Kelly McGillis
in Top Gun .
Oh yeah, that was so romantic.
I do play a mean ukulele.
A big surprise.
It's a wonderful idea, Val.
Thanks.
Man, that cherry soda goes
right through you, doesn't it?
What are you doing?
You guys are playing with
napalm.
Nikki, this is brilliant.
If we Tasha in touch with her
inner housewife self, she might
lose that gunnier than thou
prima donna thing.
Yeah, it's worth a shot.
[ gunshots ]
Woo.
God, that Ted guy is amazing.
He's quite a catch.
Yeah.
Like catching a disease.
When I think back on
my marriage, I want to
take my apron
and string myself up with it.
Are we talking about the
same guy here?
The Ted McClellan I just met
is a cool walking,
smooth talking guy with
really fresh breath.
Which is hard to find
these days.
Plus, he's very wild in
all those unexpected ways.
Name them.
He steals hotel towels
all the time and I'm scared.
If housekeeping finds out and
talks to him, he'll
do something crazy like
drive over the speed limit
or something.
Did he put you up to this?
No.
I just think you guys
make a really cute couple.
That's all.
Go back and tell Ted I'm taking
myself off guard duty.
I'm going to spend my time
working the Bolivian connection.
I can't keep going back and
forth like this in these shoes.
I've got bunions.
Kay?
Kay.
So when did Tasha tell you
she was a spy?
Not till therapy.
When we met, she worked
in a flower shop.
Said she got her green thumb
growing up in Holland, Michigan,
tulip capital of the Midwest.
I didn't know she was
from there.
She's not.
It turns out she fabricated
everything, including
the guests at our wedding.
They were all ex-CIA.
Hi.
Oh, it's OK.
That's my receptionist.
We power walk here sometimes.
Give me a minute with her?
Hi, guys.
I'm on special assignment
for Val.
Where's Dr. McClellan going?
A little pow-wow with his
receptionist.
Hmm... Whoever she is, I don't
think Val would go for it.
Those big 80s football type
should pads went out with
Dynasty .
Aww, come on, Kay.
Not everyone's styling 24/7.
He's right.
Like you and me.
Johnny, you got some cool
moves,
but picking clothes
is not one of them.
Hey guys, compare black belts
another time.
Take it from your receptionist,
that receptionist is a phony.
[ gunshots ]
You OK?
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
Doc likes his ladies dangerous.
Laura Ann Danielson is as clean
as a well-flossed molar.
The only records on her
are from her school.
Student council president.
Some rinse and spit
cutie-pie left you
sucking dust.
How about less time at the dojo
and more time at the track?
Well, thanks for not mentioning
that she was wearing heels.
This one looks like a
cracker jack prize.
That's not lead.
What is that?
My guess, platinum,
maybe a little gold.
What do we have here?
Palladium.
Our wedding ring was made of
platinum gold and palladium.
OK, that's just a little
creepy.
I can understand Ted
telling his receptionist
what the ring was made out of.
But to make a bullet out of
the exact same material?
Not my wedding ring to Ted.
It's from my marriage to
the Owl.
[Quick]
Trouble.
[Tasha]
Exactly.
I found your bullet.
I didn't know you were
so sentimental.
You know, one ring is not
enough to make a bullet.
Good thing we were married
twice.
You took a shot at Ted.
I should put a hole in you.
I don't think so.
You still care for me.
Why else keep my Russian
Sky Tel number?
It's not like you're on
speed dial.
First it's good we talk.
I want to explain why I took
the contract on the dentist.
His name is Ted.
Pike is a sadist.
I know you wouldn't want
the dentist to suffer.
I'll do it clean.
Like in the park today?
I don't buy it.
You're jealous of Ted.
Come on, it makes sense.
I left you for him.
I got you back.
Come on, Peter.
You don't need this job.
Back off.
I won't.
[ grunts ]
Wrong answer.
You always were a prima donna.
[ grunts ]
Yes, but did the dentist ever
get your blood pumping
like this?
Work with us.
You don't get it.
If the dentist isn't dead
by tomorrow, Pike would kill
all the VIPs, including you.
Now you see the problem.
[♪♪♪]
special edit
special edition game pieces.
I'll powder my guns
and I'm outtie.
What do you-you're only
one roll away from
winning your first game.
Whatever.
We have to talk.
I have something for you.
Hopefully it will make up
for the other night.
Turn around.
No, what I have to say
is really important.
Please.
This is important too.
Come.
♪ Tasha you were my flower ♪
♪ Then one day everything
went sour ♪
♪ When you said hasta
I missed your pasta ♪
♪ Pasta ♪
Sorry.
Might have been a bomb in it.
OK, now I can't say this
any clearer,
but we are over.
What happened to the woman
I fell in love with?
I could get on with my life
if I could understand.
I've got to admit,
I'm kind of curious about
those Suzy homemaker days too.
OK.
When we met, I had just spent
6 months in a Siberian gulag.
There was torture.
Some physical, some mental.
You seemed so happy.
I was having a
mental breakdown.
You know, sometimes admitting
there's a problem is the
first step to getting better.
No, I'm fine now.
When I was with you
I was a nut job.
Makes sense to me.
But not to me.
Think about it.
Maybe the woman who married me
was the real Tasha
trying to get out.
[ phone rings ]
[Voice]
How's your hand?
Do you mind?
Yes, I do.
You changed and automatically
assumed I couldn't keep up.
You can't.
Well give me a chance.
I can be the man you want me
to be.
Hey, Peter.
How's your face?
I thought about what you said.
I want to help.
Prove it.
I have a plan to take down Pike
working from the inside.
You and your colleagues meet me
and I'll explain.
I'll call you back.
The Owl wants to help Ted.
Yeah, to an early grave.
I know it sounds like a trap.
But why don't I make
first contact.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
You guys can hang back
till I figure out the Owl's
game.
[ knock on door ]
Hello.
Hello, hey!
Oh shoot, did we miss
the serenade?
I guess so.
Kindling, anyone?
Val, I need you to stay here
with Ted.
Cabin's the safest place
to be.
We've been careful to keep it
off Pike's radar.
Ted's got a panic button
just in case.
Ted?
Hi.
Hello.
Tasha'd take a bullet for me,
eh?
Oh yeah.
She'd take a bullet,
a poison dart, monkey venom.
Whatever it is, she'll take it.
They'll be there.
Once I have them in the open,
you men can finish them off.
Then the dentist is ready
to be drilled.
Vallery Irons isn't a fool.
VIP will smell a trap.
That's what makes it
irresistible to them.
They'll all be there
to pick each other up.
We'll drive in separately
to shake any tails.
Then we'll hook up
outside the park
and roll in together.
One car, low profile.
Just wait for my signal.
It's eating me up that she's
out there with the Owl.
I hate that guy.
Little known fact.
Ordinary hairbrush bristle side
down jammed in the door
will keep any cleaning lady
or bad guy out for good.
I can't let Tasha put
her life on the line.
Not against him.
You are so nice.
You are so much nicer than that
stinker, the Owl.
I can't believe they were out
frolicking in an abandoned zoo
the other night.
They were?
Oops, I mean-
Alright, that's it.
She doesn't think
I can keep up,
just try and stop me.
Yeah, well the only way
to stand up for yourself
is to stand up to her.
Yeah, I can be tough.
Tougher than tough.
Terrible Ted is on the loose.
I'm going to fight the Owl.
I have to.
For Tasha.
I didn't think Terrible Ted
was on the loose right now.
Sorry.
Wait, I'll drive.
What's your plan?
You know, I think back on our
marriage of love.
Not you too.
Where's Pike's hideout?
I've come to the conclusion
that you had no faith in me.
Take off your helmet.
I can barely hear you.
You never trusted me enough
to drop your defenses.
I don't think I ever saw
the real Tasha Dexter.
What is with you men?
You think too much.
This is whack.
Wait for Tasha's signal.
Two quick gun shots
means trouble.
One means she's OK.
Only one?
You promised all the VIPs
on a silver platter.
You never trusted me enough
to drop your defenses.
Ah!
If that's Ronaldo.
Trick or treat.
Lose your guns or your boss
springs a leak.
Go get them, Ted.
Val.
There he is.
Ted, what are you--?
[ grunts ]
Drop your gun or he's dead.
No signal.
Something's off.
We got what I wanted.
Let's blow.
[Val]
Oh God, that's enough.
Well?
It started out as
a really good plan.
Your dying wish would be
a sign you cap.
Well, does anyone else have
anything more interesting to
say?
I do.
Tasha, I know our marriage
wasn't filled with danger
and mayhem, but I'm glad you
hung in there
as long as you did.
It was the happiest year
of my life.
Danger and mayhem are no
foundations to put the marriage.
Believe me, I know.
I realize that I envied some
of what you and Tasha shared.
The normal life.
Really?
For the last 5 years,
I was wishing
I was more like you.
At least she only divorced you
once.
Hey Tasha.
Maybe you and I could have a
relationship break through too.
What's the point?
Excuse me, could you please
tie me up with someone other
than Gloomy Gus over here?
No, but I should tell you
things have turned around
for me.
You're not going to get away
with it, Pike.
Too many people know you're not
in jail.
I don't plan to get away.
I plan to die.
I've rigged an SUV to blow up
the old fuel tanks.
Given VIP's reputation,
the cops will think you
brought along too much
firepower.
Oh, that is crazy.
Nikki's not even here.
There will be plenty of
body parts lying around
to sell it.
And even the teeth
won't be recognizable.
See you in hell, Pike.
By then, I'll be too old
to care.
[ laughs ]
Ted, did they take away
your panic button?
No.
They thought it was my
garage door opener.
It's still in my pocket.
Let me try it.
That's not it.
Sorry.
Ok got it?
Work with me,
work with me.
That's not working with me.
Come on, pass it around.
Right here.
Reverse.
No, this way,
this way.
OK, stop.
I'll lead, you follow.
I think I know a little bit
more about being tied up
than you do.
[ beeping ]
[Nikki]
Finally.
[Quick]
Kay, you picking this up?
They're at 405 North Fairer
in Redondo.
The old Glomar power plant.
My friends and I have
a little show planned.
Thanks for the front row seat.
I'd like something in the back,
preferably in Beverly Hills.
Who knows?
Parts of you might
wind up there.
[ tires screech ]
Take him out.
[ gunfire ]
Yeah!
[ screaming ]
Go, go, go,
go, go.
Uh, excuse me.
Your fly's down.
Ack!
[ gunshots ]
The C-4 next to this fuel tank
is going to vaporize this place
if it blows.
I'm on it.
[Val]
Wait a second.
Before you get fuse happy,
I've got to tell you something.
[man]
You go first.
[man #2]
Cover me.
Hey!
I'm trying to prove to Tasha
I'm not just a wimpy dentist
and my first instinct is to
hide back here with the girls.
First of all,
you're not hiding.
We're protecting you.
[ gunshots ]
If you want to help,
then get your butt over here.
There's false leads
all over the place.
Help me find the wire
with negative current.
Are you leaving
without saying goodbye?
[ grunts ]
[ beeping ]
I'm out of time.
We'd better clear out.
It's going to get toasty.
[ engine starts ]
I love you Tasha.
Remember to floss.
[ beeping ]
[ explosion ]
Hey!
No, there's nothing you can do.
[ explosion ]
If I only had another minute.
He deserved better.
[♪♪♪]
Tasha, Dr. McClellan have
any next of kin?
Just an ex-wife.
I said some really horrible
things.
I wish I could take them back.
Oh really?
You want to make nice with Ted
now?
[ coughing ]
How do you feel?
Pretty good, considering
I'm dead.
Damn good fireworks display.
Pike's going to think
you're long gone.
How did you-
Well, a good bodyguard
has to think on her feet
every once in awhile.
Not to mention good acting.
That was an Emmy award
winning performance.
We're lucky he used C-4.
No chance of premature
detonation, even in a fire.
I defused the detonator,
rigged up a grenade with some
flash powder I had
in the back of the truck.
A lot of flame,
no punch.
Let's not forget about Ted.
on wheels.
She's right.
I'm impressed.
When did you start living life
so dangerously?
Well, you know you work
in people's mouths,
you take your life
in your hands every day.
[ laughs ]
We're going to have to talk
with the Owl for that
incident in the park.
Where is he?
Please, I can make you rich.
I got a plane waiting
that can take us anywhere
you want to go.
Don't worry.
I'm not taking you to the
police station anyway.
You're going to see
another house.
Hawaii.
I'm going to run
snorkeling tours over there
and play a little ukulele
on the side.
Somebody say Hawaii?
Here you go,
on the house.
That's the Ex-husband Special.
So will you miss dentistry?
The taste of excitement
I got here make me want to
try something new,
take a chance.
And speaking of taking chances,
Laura Ann is going to
come with me.
Way to go, Doc.
Yeah well, we've been in the
trenches for so long.
It seems right.
Yea just make sure it's Laura
Ann this time and not the Owl.
[ chuckles ]
Aloha.
You know I'm really happy
about you and Laura Ann.
Yeah, so am I.
Oh!
I bought you something
at the Boardwalk the other day.
I picked the lion because of-
Born Free .
Yeah.
Great movie.
You know, I may have been
nut job during that whole
Ward and June Cleaver thing.
But I really enjoyed
your company.
You helped me through a lot.
Aloha.
[Narrator]
Now, for another
behind the scenes look
[Narrator]
Now, for another
behind the scenes look
[Narrator]
Now, for another
behind the scenes look
[Narrator]
Now, for another
behind the scenes look
[Narrator]
Now, for another
behind the scenes look
into the world of
Vallery Irons Protection.
Today's subject,
the firing range.
is the firing range.
[ gunshots ]
It's a good place to vent
a lot of frustrations.
And when you work for
Vallery Irons-
Surprise!
[ laughter ]
We got you.
I could have hurt somebody.
There's a lot to be
frustrated about.
Because I do have a very
nervous stomach, and all
of that shooting has
a bad effect on me, but hey.
You've got to fight bad
by being badder.
We're all trained marksmen.
Well, except for Johnny.
He doesn't use guns.
I can hit a dime
200 yards away.
Precision and accuracy.
More like lame and lamer.
Who wants to see a guy
take it right between the eyes
when you can blow
the sucker up?
[ explosion ]
Boo yah.
[♪♪♪]